Cds 67816 pipeline rollback (#1867)
harness/developer-hub: docs/platform/8_Pipelines/w_pipeline-steps-reference/step-failure-strategy-settings.md

In general, if you want to run particular steps on a stage failure, you should add them to stage's **Rollback** section.

> ### Stage and step priority

Author: ```suggestion
### Stage, step, and step group priority
```

> The stage failure strategy applies to all steps that do not have their own failure strategy. A step's failure strategy overrides (or extends) its stage's failure strategy.

Author: ```suggestion
The stage failure strategy applies to all steps that do not have their own failure strategy. A step's failure strategy takes precedence over a step group's failure strategy, which takes precedence over a stage's failure strategy.
```

> Step failure strategies are evaluated before their stage's failure strategy. The order of the steps determines which failure strategy is evaluated first.

Reviewer: Not sure what "order of the steps" has to do with selection of failure strategy? In general the more specific failure policy takes precedence over the more generic. Therefore, step level policy takes precedence over step group policy, which takes precedence over stage level policy.

> Step failure strategies are evaluated before their stage's failure strategy. The order of the steps determines which failure strategy is evaluated first.

Author: ```suggestion
Step failure strategies are evaluated before step group's and stage's failure strategy. 

The order of the steps determines which failure strategy is evaluated first.
```

> If the first step in the execution doesn't have a failure strategy, the stage's failure strategy is used. If the second step has its own failure strategy, it is used. And so on.

Reviewer: *Unless the step is a part of the step group - if step group has a failure strategy, that takes precedence over stage failure strategy.

Do we want to talk about step group strategies at all in this section? Leaving it out may confuse users.

> If the first step in the execution doesn't have a failure strategy, the stage's failure strategy is used. If the second step has its own failure strategy, it is used. And so on.

Author: ```suggestion
If the step is not part of a step group, and the first step in the execution doesn't have a failure strategy, the stage's failure strategy is used. If the second step has its own failure strategy, it is used. And so on.
```
